# What is thinking?
According to Delueze, math isn't thinking. It is pure synthesis from established axioms, while oil paintings, for example, require an artist to interpret the world around them through creativity. It seems that Delueze regards nearly every field in the sciences as devoid of thinking while every form of art requires thinking. 

But, in my opinion, mathematics can be an art. Both Delueze and many of classmates perpetuate the false assumption that math is simply the application of formulas in various contexts, but to any competitive mathlete, it is clear that math is much more. For computational problems, yes, the work involves the application of established ideas, and the resulting mathematical argument is purely synthesis. However, such problems require the creativity and bravery to explore ideas that may fail, and to a greater extent, proof-based problems expose an even greater unknown. 

Take Monksy's Theorem. In the 20th century, Fred Richman proposed a problem that stumped mathematicians for decades: "Can a square be split into an odd number of traingles with equal area?" The question clearly involves geometry, and yet, Monksy's proof uses an advanced technique known as p-adic evaluations to relate points on the square to prime numbers. At the end of the day, yes, his argument is logically sound and falls directly from established axioms. But in order to come up with the solution, Monsky needed to interpret the problem beyond the lens of geometry, similar to how an abstract artist interprets their world beyond naive understanding. 

But it is also important to realize that the same problem for multiple people may not involve thinking. Sometimes, I solve problems by identification, remembering a past, similar problem and formulaically applying the same approach. But to a newer mathlete, this same problem may require the person to pioneer their idea. 

So what is thinking? It's anything that involves creativity or exploration, and yes, that includes parts of math. 


