# Invulnerability Pill
I just wanted to take a moment to reflect on the concept of stoicism and emotional vulnerability. In class today, we read an excerpt from Todd May's "Invulnerability Pill," so let's talk about invulnerability.

\
I think the prevailing thought in modern society is that everyone should be emotionally vulnerable. Vulnerability should be cherished, and concepts like toxic masculinity are, as the name suggests, toxic. Yes, I understand that males in our modern society are taught to hide their emotions: "boy's don't cry" after all. But, I don't think that this is necessarily a reflection of society itself. Personally, I don't feel comfortable crying in front of others, and if that's just me being a "toxic male" then so be it. 

\
Should everyone be forced to be emotionally vulnerable? No. Should everyone be taught to be invulnerable? Of course not. I think vulnerability is really just a reflection of personality, and I don't find particular value in denying the value of one over the other. Just because I don't cry in front of others doesn't mean that I don't have emotions or am vulnerable. If I find it fitting to discuss it, I discuss it. I choose when to be vulnerable, and I enjoy being able to make that decision instead of being a sobbing mess every month. In some sense, for me, I consider it maturity: being able to be vulnerable or invulnerable. 

\
And perhaps choosing to always be invulnerable or vulnerable is philosophical suicide itself! By choosing to be permenantely emotionally vulnerable, a person subjects themselves to the power of their emotions, rejecting thought and simply guiding themselves to navigate the fragility of emotional vulnerability. At the same time, the stoic subjects themselves to a 3rd person role, depriving them of experience and subjecting them to a permanent outlook. Being able to choose between the two is not only mature, in my opinion, but it shows a Sisyphus-like resistance to suicide. Yes, we can just let the rock roll, at the will of our emotions. Yes, we can be persistent, pushing the rock forward, and stopping at the top. But, by subsisting, managing both vulnerability and invulnerability, we are, in my opinion, mature and "thinking".
