# Utilitarian Ethics
As Bentham says, the moral resolution to a dilemna results in the "greatest hapiness for the greatest number"; for example, if you can only buy one box of dark or white chocolate and more people in the group like dark, you should buy dark chocolate because it helps the most people. But, immediately, my first question regards the weighting of the magnitude of happiness versus the number: Is utility the sum of the happiness of all people involved? Is it weighted such that high happiness for some trumps low happiness for all? Is it weighted such that the more people involved in the happiness the better, regardless of the amount of happiness in total? 

Mills tries to answer this by slightly modifying the definition of utility to be the sum of pleasure minus pain. By accounting for negative effects of an action, the moral system is less deterministic and allows for greater free will. But at the end of the day, from a realist perspective, both Mills and Bentham fail to answer the question of implementation. How do we figure out the ultimate formula to calculate utility? How do you quantize pleasure and pain? And even if we could quantify it, would genocide be permissible if it lead to a high enough happiness for the rest of the population? Suppose Hitler claimed that by killing the Jews, he recieved a near-infinite amount of happiness for himself that forced positive net utility. Would his actions be permissible? And of course, how would we ever know if his claim is true? How could we ever know how happy he would feel if he carried out the action?
