# Kantian Ethics
Central to the Kantian formulation of ethics are the ideas of "good will / intent" and the "categorical imperative". I find myself strongly agreeing with the former, and perhaps that's just because of watching superhero movies. For example, CW's "The Flash" is known to "never kill" because that would be equivalent to stooping down to the level of his enemies, violating the universal law of "no murder" as suggested by Kant. Similarly, in the Old Testament Law, the Israelites outlined a system for acknowledging intent in cases of death; for example, a woman accidentally dropping a mill stone which happened to kill someone does not result in the equivalent moral punishment for murder. And for this reason, I think it makes sense that the justice system distinguishes "involuntary manslaughter" from "manslaughter". 

However, Kantian ethics assumes the existence of universal laws. If universal laws exist, I agree that moral people should act in good will to follow these laws "as ends in themselves" without any contradictions or exceptions. However, where I'm not sure if I agree with Kant, is whether a universal law exists at all. The concept of a universal law relies on the fact that morality is objective, and to this, I agree; I think morality is objective, even if we haven't reasoned out the rules for this objectivity as humans. Perhaps a universal law does exist and we haven't found it yet, or perhaps no universal laws exist. Either way, from what I've seen ~~which isn't much~~, Kant doesn't convince me that there is a law like this yet.